docs: kmkb0122 about lockdown mode for ios (#2545)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: knowledge-base/kb0122.md

# iOS Lockdown mode inteferring with Keyman for iPhone and iPad

> The Lockdown mode is a feature in Settings -> Privacy & Security -> Lockdown Mode (or simply search Lockdown in Settings). This feature stops Keyman from functioning normally, even if "Allow full access" is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lockdown Mode is a feature found in Settings -> Privacy & Security -> Lockdown Mode (or simply search for "Lockdown" in Settings). This feature stops Keyman from functioning normally, even if "Allow Full Access" is enabled.
```

## Symptoms

Launching the Keyman app when the Lockdown mode is freshly enabled will **sometimes** show an alert stating Lockdown mode is Turned On For "Keyman".

<img src="./assets/kb0122/lockdown_mode_alert_message.jpg" width="50%" alt="Lockdown Mode Alerts in Keyman application">

> The symptoms seem to appear while trying to switch to Keyman when typing outside the Keyman application, where the keyboard switches to the systematic English keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lockdown Mode appears to block Keyman from being used for typing in other applications and instead switches to a system keyboard.
```
